hey guys how's it goin companion so I've
come to the point my life on YouTube
where I realized that well I am just
shot out of ideas
you know hearthstone is just way too
boring and I'm just too casual to play
any other game because well you guys
know the situation I'm just not good at
anything anymore so I've decided to
entertain you guys and the only way I
know how and the only way the internet
seems to know how is with cats and you
can hear the cat in the background this
is of course cat area it is the cat I
inherited from staying in Greece and
it's an old little guy and I had some
fun today so I thought you guys would
warm up feel the cuteness and enjoy some
cat Aryan action in the video today so
hope you guys do just that and that's
the computer there and that's fur mark
that like sauron looking thing I'm
actually not praising the overlord of
middle-earth I'm actually just stress
testing my video card and then the video
card is really hot inside like 69
Celsius and the cat is enjoying this
high temperature of the video card see
that yeah yeah it's very efficient
really like normally stress testing a
video card is very inefficient but you
have to do it but now we're pleasuring
the cat and heating the house at the
same time so the efficiency is actually
through the roof it's pretty good stuff
cats you can see his ears are like very
very upwards he's seen many years as
well that's a very important you have to
keep it here's one yeah oh
okay
yeah
and that's
you